So by now we actually already have a basic mean app up and running,
we got our angular frontend and we got our node express backend which also talks to our mongo database,
so we get all the core pieces up and running and we got them connected.
Now we could end here but that would not be the most exciting course right because we only scratched
the surface.
There are many more features I
definitely want to show you and I want to practice with you because they are important in modern applications,
that includes things like authentication and better error handling, things
I'll come back to later
but it also includes a little bit more work on our frontend,
for example we can't edit our posts yet. We also manage all on one single page
and yes we have a single page application but that actually means something different,
we should have different pages just all rendered with angular,
right.
So these are things we'll work on in this module before we then dive even deeper and add more and more
features to the app.